Nagaraj Aithal   
  Sagara Shivamogga   
+91 -8317393800 | nagarajanagaraj.2003@gmail.com  | linkedin.com/in/nagar aj Aithal | github.com/Nspboy  
  
  
Education  
   Mangalore Institute Of Technology And Engineering    MOODBIDRI  
Master of Computer Application | CGPA : 8. 01 Dec 2024 – Jun 2026   
   St. Mary’s Syrian College   UDUPI   
Bachelor of  Computer Application | CGPA : 8.81   
  
Skill Summary   Jan 202 1 – May 2024   
       Programming Languages         :   Java ,SQL  ,MERN stack    
   Developer Tools                      :   VS Code  
      Other skills                                     :   Problem -solving , Decision making , Team building      
Internship  
  Full Stack Developer Intern  
  Invays Technologies  
  • Worked part -time intern for 3 months  
  • Developed user interfaces and functionality using React ,Express js and Tailwind CSS  
  • Contributed to the development of client based projects for web application  
  • Led a web -based project focused on  Business Marketing for portfolio website  
 
Projects    
 EXPENSE TRACKER  | Python(DJANGO FRAMEWORK)  
• Designed and developed a full -stack Expense Tracker web application  using Python Django , enabling users to 
record, manage, and categorize personal or business expenses in real -time.  
• Integrated a user -friendly web interface  with HTML, JavaScript, and Bootstrap (CSS)  for responsive design and 
interactive features such as filtering by date, category, and amount.  
• Built a robust relational database system using SQLite to securely store user profiles, transaction histories, and 
analytics data.  
• Implemented best functionality  (Create, Read, Update, Delete) for expense records and developed data visualization 
features  like monthly spending charts using JavaScript -based libraries.  
• Added user authentication and session management  for personalized dashboards, ensuring secure login and logout 
processes via Django’s built -in user model.  
• Project reflects real -world relevance by addressing the growing need for personal finance management tools , 
especially for freelancers, students, and small business owners seeking financial transparency and control.  
  
 Achievements
  
• Won prizes in V olleyball and Cricket competitions at both school and college levels  
• Actively participated in various cultural and social activities during school and college  
  
Certifications 
              
Python Programming − Infosys -Springboard | SQL Case Study – Infosys -Springboard | Software Testing  
Training – Besant Technologies | Foundation Of Cloud IoT Edge ML – National  Programme  on  Technology 
Enhanced Learning(NPTL)     
 Hobbies and Interest   
       Volleyball ,Cricket, Video & Photo Editing , Video and photography , Gaming  
  
Additional Information  
       Teamwork: Capable of adjusting with new people and fully support and join hands with them.   
  Communication: Can talk fluently with other people.  